design/build-notes.md, before:

# How to build a corobot

This document should include all the step-by-step instructions
on how to take the components and construct, install software
and do any initial testing and calibration for a corobot.  It
will probably get really long.  It might need to be broken up
into several documents.

## Hardware assembly

This may well need its own document.

## Install Ubuntu

On most recent hardware (Acer Aspire V5): F2 to get into BIOS.
Under boot menu, change from UEFI to Legacy BIOS to bypass Win8
Safe Boot.  Also move the USB CD (or whatever Ubuntu is on) up
in the list of boot devices.

At present, ROS is not supported under Ubuntu 13, so we will stick with 12.04 LTS.

Probably need only one admin account, no user accounts.

## Install needed packages

This would include ROS and all its dependencies.
We're sticking with ROS Fuerte, be sure to install the correct version.

Perform the Desktop-Full-Install
http://www.ros.org/wiki/fuerte/Installation/Ubuntu

(Might be able to get away with Desktop-Install, untested though.)

### Installing `zbar`

Uses webcams to look for QR codes on the walls and determine the robot's position.

    # Unsure whether you need xmlto, and it requires a ton of packages...
    sudo apt-get install -y python-gtk2-dev v4l-utils gettext git xmlto
    cd /usr/local/src
    sudo git clone https://github.com/corobotics/ZBar.git zbar
    cd zbar
    sudo autoreconf --install
    sudo ./configure --without-imagemagick
    sudo make
    sudo make install

## Install the corobot software

`git clone git://github.com/corobotics/corobots.git`

Then run all the compilation, then installation (???)

## Set up the cameras - not tested yet

1. Plug in the cameras, find their serial numbers
  (plug in each camera separately and run the following)

    `udevadm info -q all -n /dev/video0`

2. Use the serial numbers to write device rules
   (more details at <http://www.reactivated.net/writing_udev_rules.html>).
   Create the file `/etc/udev/rules.d/10-video.rules` with two lines:

    `SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTRS{serial}=="left-camera-serial-number", SYMLINK+="video0"`  
    `SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTRS{serial}=="right-camera-serial-number", SYMLINK+="video1"`

Commit message:

Update build notes to refer to the main repo for installation.

design/build-notes.md, after:

# How to build a corobot

This document should include all the step-by-step instructions
on how to take the components and construct, install software
and do any initial testing and calibration for a corobot.  It
will probably get really long.  It might need to be broken up
into several documents.

## Hardware assembly

This may well need its own document.

## Install Ubuntu

On most recent hardware (Acer Aspire V5): F2 to get into BIOS.
Under boot menu, change from UEFI to Legacy BIOS to bypass Win8
Safe Boot.  Also move the USB CD (or whatever Ubuntu is on) up
in the list of boot devices.

At present, ROS is not supported under Ubuntu 13, so we will stick with 12.04 LTS.

Probably need only one admin account, no user accounts.

## Install the Corobot software

See [INSTALL.md](https://github.com/corobotics/corobots/blob/master/INSTALL.md) in the main repo.

## Set up the cameras - not tested yet

1. Plug in the cameras, find their serial numbers
  (plug in each camera separately and run the following)

    `udevadm info -q all -n /dev/video0`

2. Use the serial numbers to write device rules
   (more details at <http://www.reactivated.net/writing_udev_rules.html>).
   Create the file `/etc/udev/rules.d/10-video.rules` with two lines:

    `SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTRS{serial}=="left-camera-serial-number", SYMLINK+="video0"`  
    `SUBSYSTEM=="usb", ATTRS{serial}=="right-camera-serial-number", SYMLINK+="video1"`
